intro improvements (#45)
Robinlovelace/spanishoddata: README.qmd

[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/Robinlovelace/spanish_od_data/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Robinlovelace/spanish_od_data/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

> **spanishoddata** provides functions for downloading and formatting Spanish origin-destination (OD) data from the Ministry of Transport and Sustainable Mobility of Spain.

Reviewer: :+1:

> The Spanish OD data is primarily sourced from mobile phone positioning data and includes matrices for overnight stays, individual movements, and trips of Spanish residents at different geographical levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OD data is from mobile phone positioning data and includes information movements over time (with hourly temporal resolution, allowing estimation of overnight stays for example) and broken down by demographic group and other variables between different geographic zones.
```

Thoughts also welcome here @e-kotov who has used the data loads.

Author: I meant that the data includes information in three types of matrices: 1) matrices with the number of overnight stays; 2) the number of people; and 3) the number of trips at different geographic levels.

Reviewer: Oh yeah good point! That's now what is on main branch after merging this, we can always make further tweaks later.

> This data is part of the basic studies of the 'Open Data Mobility' project and it is released monthly on the [website](https://www.transportes.gob.es/ministerio/proyectos-singulares/estudios-de-movilidad-con-big-data/opendata-movilidad) of the Ministry of Transport and Sustainable Mobility of Spain from January 2022. 

Reviewer: :+1:

plot(sf::st_geometry(distritos_wgs84))
```

> ## Estudios básicos

Reviewer: :+1: although what does that even mean?

Would be happy to change this section title.

Author: I agree.
